1) Machine learning (ML) is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that allows software applications to become more accurate at predicting outcomes without being explicitly programmed to do so. Machine learning algorithms use historical data as input to predict new output values.Machine learning is important because it gives enterprises a view of trends in customer behavior and business operational patterns, as well as supports the development of new products. Many of today's leading companies, such as Facebook, Google and Uber, make machine learning a central part of their operations. Machine learning has become a significant competitive differentiator for many companies.

3) Let's understand supervised learning with an example. Suppose we have an input dataset of cats and dog images. So, first, we will provide the training to the machine to understand the images, such as the shape & size of the tail of cat and dog, Shape of eyes, colour, height (dogs are taller, cats are smaller), etc. After completion of training, we input the picture of a cat and ask the machine to identify the object and predict the output. Now, the machine is well trained, so it will check all the features of the object, such as height, shape, colour, eyes, ears, tail, etc., and find that it's a cat. So, it will put it in the Cat category. This is the process of how the machine identifies the objects in Supervised Learning.
Let's take an example to understand it more preciously; suppose there is a basket of fruit images, and we input it into the machine learning model. The images are totally unknown to the model, and the task of the machine is to find the patterns and categories of the objects.
So, now the machine will discover its patterns and differences, such as colour difference, shape difference, and predict the output when it is tested with the test dataset.
Supervised learning is where a student is under the supervision of an instructor at home and college. Further, if that student is self-analysing the same concept without any help from the instructor, it comes under unsupervised learning. Under semi-supervised learning, the student has to revise himself after analyzing the same concept under the guidance of an instructor at college.
An example of reinforcement learning is to play a game, where the Game is the environment, moves of an agent at each step define states, and the goal of the agent is to get a high score. Agent receives feedback in terms of punishment and rewards.

4) Based on the methods and way of learning, machine learning is divided into mainly four types, which are: Supervised Machine Learning. Unsupervised Machine Learning. Semi-Supervised Machine Learning.

